Systems manager jh2 (#49)
CrowdStrike/Cloud-AWS: systems-manager/documentation/AWS-Systems-Manager-Intro.md

* Uninstall script
* Sensor Binary for the particular OS

> The Install Script At the top of the install script enter values for the the following
> filename=<<filename of the rpm package>>
> TARGET_VER=<<minimum version>> example format =5.38.10404

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the following variables at the top of the installation script:

```
filename=<<filename of the rpm package>>
TARGET_VER=<<minimum version>> example format =5.38.10404
```
```

On execution the script will first check if the falcon sensor is installed and if it meets the minimum version
requirements. If either condition is not met the sensor install will continue.

```bash
if pgrep falcon-sensor >/dev/null; then
  FALCON_VER=$(sudo /opt/CrowdStrike/falconctl -g --version | awk -F= '{ print  $2}' | awk -F. '{ print  $1$2$3$4}')
  if [ "$FALCON_VER" -lt "$TARGET_VER" ]; then
    echo "Install required"
    install
  else
    echo "Install not required"
    exit
  fi
else

>   echo "Falcon-sensor not found"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  echo "Package falcon-sensor not found"
```
